You stink
You have no right to speak here
I beg you to figure it out before you curse
Your contract does not have our late autumn.
You can't sign at all
Stir this up
Believe it or not, the old man kicked you out of the company too
Disappear what the hell do you want to do
I said it all
You really have a begging attitude
Su Wanqiao, I beg you, okay?
Oh, no sincerity, but no coincidence.
What are you doing, Su Wanqiao, you can't do this to me
I bow to you
Just promise me
You figure it out
It's your business to ask or not
It's our business to answer or not
Hey, I said it here.
Late autumn has been decided
No more backing down
It's time.
Xiao Chen
How dare you play with me
Oops, is it fun?
Oh, that's it.
Hey go home go home go home
What the hell is going on with the clown?
The chairperson of Sun Shun Group knew that his son had made a mistake
I won't compensate you for this, right?
Someone as big as him
There's no need to compensate me, is there?
Hey, these big shots?
The most important thing is that he doesn't have his own hands
Look at his son. He's such a jerk.
Countdown sooner or later
Master, when you get it, the Sun Group is finished.
That's true, isn't it?
Hey, why are you going?
What else?
Of course, hurry back to the company
Sign the contract with the Heart Group
What!
Muse is going to sign a contract with them